The CowLite Audio Player(C) project is a project started in february 2016 as an experiment. Currently being developed by Dutch
Medical Informatics student Wessel Jongkind, the software is aimed at providing a light-weight and yet very advanced audioplayer.
This is not a full-time project and it is currently being developed by only one programmer and several testers. Due to the limited
development team updates will be weekly at most. We prefer a bug-free and user-friendly environment over a daily updated program that
does not function to it's fullest extend. 

Through extensive testing and recording the opinions of current testers the program is being updated on a weekly basis. Currently
you do not need a license to make use of the audioplayer and we are aiming to keep it that way.


-=-=-=-=-=-=Update History=-=-=-=-=-=-
February 2016:
First implemented a basic audioplayer frame that was able to play .wav files
Making the first GUI with basic functionality such as play, stop, next and previous

March 2016:
Adding functionality such as shuffle and being able to  change volume
Making sure that you can drag and drop files
Improving the GUI, doing research for minimizing RAM and CPU usage*
Researching support for more media extensions (mp3, ogg, mp4 (audio only))
Implementing new actual audioplayer with improved compatibility
Rehauling the entire GUI for faster running and more improved features
Making a seperate launcher so that you can open multiple files at once
Improving new launcher to fix performance issues/CPU eating
Adjusting the main program to communicate with the launcher
Saving the launch settings (shuffled, volume)

April 2016:
Code optimalization
Research for lower RAM/CPU usage
Taking a small break :)

May 2016:
Code optimalization allowing it to run faster
Creating a currently added songs list to the GUI
Bug fixing
Allowing a more files to be opened at once through an external launcher
Allowing to remove songs from the list by pressing 'Delete'
Option to save playlists, customize playlists and delete playlists
Contact with testers to talk about potential new features
Designing advanced launcher, installer
Designing import playlist functionality
Implementing hotkey functionality which even works when you're not in the audioplayer's screen
Implementing customize hotkey functionality so that the user can chose his/her hotkeys

June 2016
Complete GUI overhaul making the program look way more dank
Fixed several glitches that had to do with the button icons changing
Added a timeslider
Added timestamp
Allows to skip parts in a song
Added a standard -Empty List- to the playlists section which also gives you a clear playlist to add songs to
Designing compability for customazing the GUI color-scheme

September 2016
Rewrote extremely large portions of the code, simplifying it and reducing bug-sensetivity.
Adding documentation to the program so that others can assist in programming
Initial release of source-code

October 2016
Fixed a small bug where if you would overwrite an already existing playlist, it would be visible twice in the playlists menu.

-=-=-=-=-=-=Special Thanks=-=-=-=-=-=-
I would like to thank 'Eden' for extensively testing the program and being a great source of ideas and support. Without you I would have not
managed to get as far as I have gotten. Thank you.

Also I would like to thank Laura. Even though you might not enjoy programming a lot, you still tried to improve your skills to reach the level
required for your study by doing small assignments I gave you around the audioplayer. I love you.

Last but not least I would like to thank all of you who use this software and who support the development of it.